And the last section is going to be working on is going to be out here just for our section.
So let's go back to next issue here.
Now we can close the script.
We're not going to be using this one anymore.
And if we're going end of quote here now we would want a footer section and so we're going to have a
footer.
Select the line copy paste the line and you can see I didn't do it.
So I'm going to say end of four.
Then after that what you want is a form for a whole element for no real going to see any footer.
All right press tab now we have idea for and over here what we would want is actual section.
Right.
And are you going to say that this is going to be for the info section and then we're going to have
a footer maps section right.
So we're going to have a main one as a.
And over here we're going to have a section section or here and this can be hash tag for info info here.
And then we're going to press tab and then the next one.
Copy and paste.
Second line is going to be for a map right here.
We're going to place our I-frame with a Google Maps and all we're here with we're going to do is we're
going to have a fall.
I don't.
Right.
So first we're going to have in-focus center.
So Dave with the class of info center center or here.
And then this is going to be a parent element for all of them.
No we're here we're going to have a div of info.
I have them in full and I'm right and within the info item we're going to have a font or some just is
going to be a I f a f hey check here press tab and then we're going to have a paragraph.
So we're all going to have a paragraph and not say we're going to have like 10 words.
All right.
So Lorem turn right and you can see that it didn't work out nicely because what we would want actually
written like this.
Right so we're going to place this in the curly brackets.
Press time now we would want a more a more here.
Right.
And basically you would need three of them.
So three more.
So we're going to see where this one ends select.
Or here again this Dave.
Right.
So now we can see that I went one too far on here and one two three.
All right so now we have four total.
No you would want a map.
All right so the I-frame map over here and the way we're going to do this.
Want to go back over here and we're going to say this is going to be Google Maps.
Then we're going to go to Google Maps or we're going to say New York.
All right.
So we're going to say New York then other ones we have in New York are going to share the same bed map
here.
Copy and paste this can cause this one out and on here.
Copy and paste this here.
The with right away.
Let's set it two hundred pixels so it is 100 percent the height and say do what 350.
All right.
We don't need to over exaggerate so then we can say this and then we're going to go to see SS and we
just need to Styler it so Mame's U.S.S.R. here and all the way in the bottom.
This is going to be our footer.
So we're here doing this hashtags footer snag here and let's do our work and we're here to first things
first.
We're going to have a footer.
So the whole footer say hash tag footer and railgun say padding 40 pixels or the pixels 0 here then
we're going to have a min height of let's say 60 view right.
This right then we have a background Macron that's going to be hash tags 0 0 8.
And then we'll have a seven each one.
All right.
Think this right.
So this is going to be the background then for both of the classes right.
So I'm going to say in full center and that's the one that's parent element all three of them here.
And also to a I-frame.
So I'm going to say I am realizing this we would want with to be 90 percent 90 percent over here and
margin 40 pixels top bottom and auto.
Once we have that the next thing that I would want to work is with an eye frame frame here and I'm going
to say the display block I realized this right now I can see the display as Mark and border a radius
20 pixels right.
So around the edges or here then we would want a class of info item.
All right so now we're talking about the parent that holds the font or someone on here and this text.
So I'm going to say or here we would want a full and I'm this.
And here you would want to say display.
I don't want to say flex this margin 10 pixels and zero at all here.
So basically what we're getting is these 10 pixels in between.
And then we would want to work with actual font.
So we're going to say in full I I'm a 4 here and I'm going to say font size 30 pixels like this color.
When I told them to say hash tag FFC 9 1 for this then we'll have a pairing of 10 pixels here and background
is going to be hashtag 1 9 1 9 1 9.
All right.
So this is I was going to look like we're going to do a little margin right.
So we're going to send margin right.
And we're going to save 15 pixels on this.
Then when we're done with this now we would want a responsive screen.
And so once the screen changes we will want to make for a response of how do we do that media screen
here.
And and right now we're men with here and they're all going to say that this is going to be a 7 7 6
pixels like this.
Then after that we would want a hash tag for or here who would want first to display flex.
So once it's going to be a bigger screen this is going to be a display of flux.
So let's check it out.
It looks like fresh right now I can see that our map is on here and this is going to be on display for.
Then the next thing that we would want over here is fuller and phone for that price.
So we're going to say we're here for info karma.
Time for our map here.
I want to say flex 0 0 50 percent.
So both of them spanning 50 percent or less.
Now you can see this is how they're going to look like.
Now what I would want over is for info we would want this to place obviously in the center.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going to say for info on here I'm going to say play flex
first right.
And then we'll have a line item center because you can see or hear right for the info center right.
You can see or hear foot or info is apparent for info center our interest in that is just holds all
three of them right but by its own it's actually a single item.
All right so once we're styling This is a flex.
We're only working with all of them as one.
Right because we have this info center.
So here you can see we have the supply flex and the next thing that I would want to do is actually have
aligned items center like this.
All right so we have a line on center go back and I can see that actually side by side.
And now let's go back to the top.
Let's actually look what we have right.
So first we had a nav bar.
Then we had a banner over here with the buttons were as we scrolling you can see that this is actually
going to be a fixed position.
All right so you can see it doesn't matter where I go.
All right.
This is going to be still following me around.
We can still click it over here and this is still a smooth scrolling right so ASM scrolling you can
see that I'm on up and down.
All right.
Then after that we have this little section on here with the phone Possum's.
Then we have the skills section.
Then after that we had a subscribe section and honestly everything is responsive right because we're
using flex and grid for this.
And after that we had a war here this filtering section right where we have the actual Jake wari plug
in that we were using.
Right.
Basically we can filter the images I suppose and then over here this was a accordion.
Then over here we had a current project where we are actually using a magnifica pop up like this.
Then after that we had a numbers count section.
Some basically where we have a number that are counting and we have a meet our team section like this
and this is going to be the progress bar section.
Then over here this is going to be amazing prices section here and then we have the our carousel here
which is a responsive carousel.
Marion this is going to be our last.
This is going to be an intersection.
This is going to be it for this project.
And I hope to see you on my next project.